Change default replication factor to -1 (#956)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-stream-binder-kafka: docs/src/main/asciidoc/overview.adoc

The replication factor of auto-created topics if `autoCreateTopics` is active.
Can be overridden on each binding.
+

> NOTE: If you are using Kafka broker versions prior to 2.4, then this value should be set to `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you are using Kafka broker versions prior to 2.4, then this value should be set to at least `1`.
```

> Starting with broker version 2.4, the binder will use `-1` as the default value, which indicates the broker to use the same default set on the broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with broker version 3.1, the binder uses `-1` as the default value, which indicates that the broker 'default.replication.factor' property will be used to determine the number of replicas.
```

> Check with your Kafka broker admins to see if there is a policy in place that requires the replication factor to be greater than 1, in which case, that value should be used instead of any defaults used by the binder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check with your Kafka broker admins to see if there is a policy in place that requires a minimum replication factor, if that's the case then, typically, the `default.replication.factor` will match that value and `-1` should be used, unless you need a replication factor greater than the minimum.
```
